Matthew 1:1 - Jesus the son of David, the son of Abraham.

Matthew 1:18 - Mary was espoused to Joseph, before they came together, she was found with child of the Holy Spirit.
An angel appeared to Joseph in a dream saying, Joseph thou son of David, fear not to take unto thee Mary thy wife: for that which is conceived in her is of the holy spirit.
When she gives brith you shall call his name Jesus, for He shall save His people from their sins.
As the prophet saying, Behold a virgin shall be with child and shall bring for a son, and they shall call his name Emmanuel which is being interpreted is God with us.
    This is Isaiah 7:14

Matthew 2:1 - Jesus was born in Bethlehem. wise men came from the east to Jerusalem, saying where is he that is born king of the jews? for we have seen his star in the east and are come to worship him.
Herod the king at the time was troubled, gathered together the priests and scribes he demanded to know where the Christ should be born.
They informed him Bethlehem. He informed the wise men to tell him when they have found the new born king.
God warned the wise men to not return to herod the king.
The angel of the Lord appeared to Joseph in a dream and informed him to flee into Egypt because Herod is seeking to destroy the child.
Herod then killed all the children that were in Bethlehem and in all the coasts thereof from two years old and under.

Matthew 2:23 - After Joseph left Egypt with Jesus he dwelt in Nazareth that it might be fulfilled which was spoken by the prophets, He shall be called a Nazarene.

Matthew 3:1 - John the Baptist preaching in wilderness of judea. Repent ye, for the kingdom of heaven is at hand.
The voice of one crying in the wilderness, prepare ye the way of the Lord, make his paths straight.

Matthew 3:13 - Jesus came to be baptized by John and John said, I have need to be baptized of thee and comest thou to me?
When He was baptized the heavens were opened unto him and he say the Spirit of GOd descending like a dove and lighting upon him.
And lo a voice from heaven, saying, This is my beloved Son, in whom I am well pleased.

Matthew 4:1 - Jesus led up of the spirit into the wilderness to be tempted of the devil. When he had fasted forty days and forty night, he was afterward an hungred.
When the tempter came to him he said if thou be the Son of God command that these stones be made bread.
But He answered nad said it is written man shall not live by bread alone but by every word that proceedeth out of the mouth of God.
Then the devil taketh him up into the holy city and setteth him on a pinnacle of the temple and saith unto him if you be the Son of God cast thyself down:
for it is written, He shall give his angels charge concerning thee: and in their hands they shall bear thee up. lest at any time thou dash thy foot against a stone.
Jesus said unto him, it is written again, Thou shalt not tempt the Lord thy God.
The devil then showed him all the kingdoms on the Earth saying if you will fall down and worship me I will give them to you.
Christ responded get thee hence satan, for it is written, thou shalt worship the Lord thy God and him only shalt thou serve.

Matthew 4:14 - That it might be fulfilled which was spoken by Esais the prophet saying the land of zabulon and the land of nephthalim by the way of the sea beyond jordan, Galilee of the gentiles. The people which sat in darkness saw
great light and to them which sat in the region and shadow of death light is sprung up.
    Isaiah 9:2 - The people that walked in darkness have seen a great light: they that dwell in the land of the shadow of death, upon them hath the light shined.
Jesus then began to preach: Repent for the kingdom of heaven is at hand.

Matthew 5:3 - Blessed are the poor in spirit for theirs is the kingdom of heaven.
Blessed are they that mourn for they shall be comforted.
Blessed are the meek for they shall inherit the earth.
Blessed are they which do hunger and thirst after righteousness for they shall be filled.
Blessed are the merciful for they shall obtain mercy.
Blessed are the pure in heart for they shall see God.
Blessed are the peacemakes for they sshall be called the children of God.
Blessed are they which are persecuted for righteousness sake for theirs is the kingdom of heaven.
Blessed are ye when men shall revile you and persecute you and shall say all manner of evil against you falsely for my sake.

Ye are the salt of the earth, but if the salt have lost his savour, wherewith shall it be salted? it is thenceforth good for nothing, but to be cast out, and to be trodeen under foot of men.
Ye are the light of the world. A city that is set on a hill cannot be hid.
Let your light so shine before men, that they may see your good works and glorify your Father which is in heaven.

Matthew 5:34 - Sweat not at all, Let your communication be yea or nay, for whatsoever is more than these cometh of evil.

Matthew 5:42 - Give to him that asketh thee, and from him that would borrow of thee turn not thou away.
Do good to those that hate you and despitefully use you and persecute you. That you may be the children of your Father which is in heaven.
If you love them which love you what reward have ye?

Matthew 6:5 - When thou prayest do not be as the hypocrites are for they love to pray standing in the synagogues nad in the corners of the streets that they may be seen of men.
But when thou prayest, enter into thy closet, and when thou has shut thy door, pray to thy Father which is in secret nad thy Father which seeth in secret shall reward thee openly.
Do not use vain repetitions as the heathen do, for they think that they shall be heard for their much speaking.

Matthew 6:14 - For if ye forgive men their trespasses your heavenly Father will also forgive you.

Matthew 6:17 - When thou fast keep it to yourself and do not make a show of it.
Fast for thy Father which is in secret and thy Father which seeth in secret shall reward thee openly.

Matthew 6:19 - Lay not up for yourselves treasures upon eath where moth and rust doth corrupt and where thieves break through and steal.
But lay up for yourselves treasures in heaven where neither moth nor rust doth corrupt and where thieves do not break through nor steal.
For where your treasure is there will your heart be also.

Matthew 6:24 - No man can serve two masters. Ye cannot serve God and mammon.
Therefore I say unto you take no thought for your life what ye shall eat or what ye shall drink; nor yet for your body what ye shall put on. Is not life more than meat and the body than raiment?
Behold the fowls of the air for they sow not neither do they reap nor gather into barns;
yet your heavenly father feedeth them. Are ye not much better than they?

Matthew 6:33 - Seek ye first the kingdom of God and his righteousness; and all these things shall be added unto you.

Matthew 7:1 - Judge not that ye be not judged.
For with what judgement ye judge, ye shall be judged: and with what measure ye mete, it shall be measured to you again.

Matthew 7:6 - Give not that which is holy unto the dogs, neither cast ye your pearls before swine, lest they trample them under their feet and turn again and rend you.
Ask and it shall be given you seek and ye shall find, knock and it shall be opened unto you.
For everyone that asketh receiveth and he that seeketh findeth and to him that knocketh it shall be opened.
What man is there of you whom if his son ask bread will he give him a stone?
If ye then being evil, know how to give good gifts unto your children how much more shall your Father which is in ehaven give good things to them that ask him?

Matthew 7:18 - A good tree cannot bring forth evil fruit, nether can a corrupt tree bring forth good fruit.
Every tree that bringeth not forth good fruit is hewn down and cast into the fire.
Wherefore by their fruits ye shall know them.

Matthew 7:22 - Many will say to me in that day, Lord, Lord, have we not prophesied in thy name?
and in thy name have cast out devils? and in thy name done many wonderful works?
And then will I profess unto them, I never knew you: depart from me, ye that work iniquity.

Matthew 7:24 - Therefore whosoever heareth these saying of mine and doeth them, I will liken him unto a wise man which built his house upon a rock.

Matthew 8:10 - When Jessu heard it he marvelled and said to them that followed; verily I say unto you I have not found so greath faith no not in Israel.
And I say unto you that many shall come from the east and west and shall sit down with Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob in the kingdom of heaven.

Matthew 8:16 - Jesus healed many that were possessed with his words and healed all that were sick:
That it might be fulfilled which was spoken by Esaias the prophet, saying, Himself took our infirmities and bare our sicknesses.

Matthew 8:21 - A disciple said unto Him, Lord let me go bury my father.
Jesus said unto him follow me and let the dead bury their dead.

Matthew 9:10 - Many publicans and sinners came and sat down with him and his disciples.
When the pharisees saw it they said unto his disciples why eateth your master with publicans and sinners?
When Jesus heard that he said unto them they that be whole need not a physician but they that re sick/
I will have mercy and not sacrifice. For I am not come to call the righteous but sinners to repentance.

Matthew 9:16 - No man putteth a piece of new cloth unto an old garment for that which is put in to fill it up taketh from the garment nad the rent is made worse/

