Zechariah 1:18 - Then lifted I up mine eyes and saw and behold four horns. These are the horns which have scattered Judah, Israel, and Jerusalem.

Zechariah 2:4 - Jerusalem will be a city without walls, for I the Lord shall be unto her a wall of fire round about and will be the golry in the midst of her.

Zechariah 3:1 - Joshua the high priest had Satan standing at his right hand to resist him. And the Lord said unto Satan, The Lord rebuke thee O satan.
Joshua was clothed with filthy garments, God took away the filthy garments form him and caused his iniquity to pass from him.
God said to him if thou wilt walk in my ways and if thou wilt keep my charge, then thou shalt also judge my house and shalt also keep my courts.
Hear O Joshua the high priest thou and they fellows that sit before thee for they are men wondered at, for behold I will bring forth my servant the branch.

Zechariah 4:1 - Two olive trees by it one upon the right side of the bowl and the other upon the left side thereof.
This is the word of the Lord unto Zerubbabel saying, not by might, nor by power, but by my spirit saith the Lord of hosts.
The two olive trees are the two anointed ones that stand by the lord of the whole earth.

Zechariah 6:12 - Behold the man whose name is The BRANCH; he shall build the temple of the Lord.
He shall build the temple of the Lord and he shall bear the glory and shall sit and rule upon his throne; nad he shall be a priest upon his throne and the counsel of peace shall be between them both.

Zechariah 11:10 - Give me my price and they weighed thirty pieces of silver. Cast it unto the potter. A goodly price that I was prised at of them.
    The price at which Jesus was valued by the Jews. Matthew 27:6 The Jews took the thirty pieces of silver and bought the field of the baker.

Zechariah 12:10 - They shall look upon me whom they have pierced and they shall mourn for him.
    This seems to be Jesus Christ.

Zechariah 13:8 - two parts therein shall be cut off and die but the third shall be left therein. I will bring the third part through the fire and will refine them as silver is refined.
    Potentially these are the laodiceans.

Zechariah 14:4 - And His feet shall stand in that day upon the mount of Olives. The mount of Olives shall cleave in the midst thereof toward the east and toward the west. There shall be a very great valley; and half of the mountain shall remove toward the north and half of it toward the south.
The Lord God shall come and all the saints with Him.

Zechariah 14:12 - The flesh consumes away while they stand upon their feet and their eyes shall melt away in their holes.
    This is Christs second coming in power and glory.

Zechariah 14:16 - It shall be that every year all nations shall come to Jerusalem and worship God, the Lord of hosts and to keep the feat of tabernacles.
    This is after Christs return yet even most "christians" dont keep the feast of tabernacles.
