From deep thought and observation it seems people are very low minded and do not consider the deeper meaning to reality and existance itself.
This I do not think has to do with any timeline or impact from culture but the average human over all times and in any place does not consider these things.
The desires and aspirations of the majority seems to be mainly focused on that which does not matter.
They focus on the temporary and are unable to find that which is the great understanding of God and the truth of our reality.

What is also interesting among those that consider themselves of higher than average intelligence and understanding is also the lack of curiosity into that which they do not understand.
Also from observation it seems people are very gullible and do not do their own research into matters.

From working as an computer engineer I have noticed lead devs, lead engineers, managers and people that should be very knowledable suprisingly lacking.
I have seen senior engineers speak with utter confidence even being wrong, I have even experienced where I point out their incorrect assumptions to be met with rejection and doubling down on the incorrect information.
This behaviour is illogical and leans more into the emotional realm, and yet this is a common occurence even at senior levels of a field where the person should be an expert.
I have also seen this in religion where someone not having read the books will have assumptions and speak on these assumptions, even to the point of condescension and becoming emotional, I have seen aggression.

I think arrogance is a characteristic flaw and can be very dangerous in all settings.
Unfortunately this flaw is a common occurence in all humans and is astonishing how ones with this characteristic flaw will behave.

Preconceived notions are very powerful and can be very damaging to the one that acts on them according to their flawed view.

It is in my opinion why proving all things and embracing nothing but the truth by proving it, is the only way to be logically sound.
So with this said you must read all books yourself not listening to anyones opinions and humbling yourself so you may receive the understanding in the text.

With all of this said, it is also important to look at the works of someone and something like an organization.
For example the catholic church, what is their history and what have they done, what are their works?
This org since their birth has changed the christian religion into a universal religion.
It is shown on how they altered the sabbath day from saturday to sunday.
It is common knowledge that the sabbath has always been kept on saturday by the tribes of Israel and no where in the bible all the way to Christ has it been altered.
So this org went ahead and changed the sabbath.

This organization also invented christmas and easter. Whats interesting is the origin of them and I would say its a good read as it has nothing to do with the religion of God.
Then the feasts days in which God said they were to be kept forever were no longer kept.
They also invented many strange beliefs that are not in the bible for example:
-Burning in hell forever. This is not in the bible.
-Going to heaven when you die. This is not in the bible.
-Purgatory. This is not in the bible, they also taught the more money you gave them the less time you spend in Purgatory.
-Outlawing the bible. They said only holy men of the church can read the bible, which is contrary to the teachings of the bible.

There are many examples of their bad works and it would be an endless essay writing all of them.
There is a good book for this already written: Foxes book of martyrs
This book goes into great detail all of the atrocities of the catholic church.

